Hi, guys.
Worker In the last lecture, we postoperative data to a digital page.
So now in this lecture, we are going to display the products.
Okay.
Not to do that, we are going to need to go to the detail page.
Over here.
Now, the first step we are going to need to take is we are going to be having access to this find by
Heidi.
Just went to the V.A. now not to have access to this find by the meter, you're going to need to have
access first to this class called for deaths.
Okay.
So not to do this, I'm gonna to go back to the Fields products.
Well Via.
And they're going to copy this culture and see.
Then they're going to go back to digital page.
And we're going to pick business within the widget booths.
So we have access to the contest now instead of products.
There's going to be products.
That is the.
Provide that class.
Okay.
And since that's where we have this function or the way it.
Okay, great.
So now we're going to go back to the detail page.
And this culture can be.
Now, the next step is to impart all this.
So you're going to need to highlight and use cultural dots.
Okay.
Imports, provider products.
They probably need to imports provider.
Okay.
This.
Okay, now he's got you, and that's a safe.
Okay, now what you're going to need to do next is in the last picture, what we simply did was to pass
the product ID to this detail page by doing this.
Okay.
Now, what you're going to need to do now is you're going to agree to accept this product ID data.
To do that, you're going to go back to the detail page and use control and be okay.
Now, first of all, what we can do is we can rename this to products data.
Okay.
Okay to do that over here.
We're going to create a finite variable and we're going to call this product ID.
It's going to be equal to.
Model.
Roots.
Okay.
Get rid of this dirt.
Of contests duds.
I think this never does.
Sets his standards.
Arguments.
Okay.
So now we have access to this.
We have access to this.
Product idea value.
Okay, great.
So I'm going to go back to digital.
Detail page.
Okay.
And we're going to provide this district by saying as.
As.
Strange.
Okay.
Over here at this.
Okay, great.
I just.
Gotcha.
And this is safe.
Okay.
Great.
Now, the next step we're going to need to take is we're going to create another find a.
Variable.
Okay.
Although I find that very well we can't call this products after birds we can just 80 arrow.
Right.
I can't think that should be.
Okay.
Sorry.
So we atc are okay.
Product attributes.
Okay.
It's going to be equal to.
The products deter variable looking products.
Data.
Great.
So now we have access to.
This method called Find by Heidi.
Okay, so all we just have to do now is to.
Say Dodd's.
Fine.
Right, Heidi.
Okay.
Now you can see it automatically pass the I.D., your product I.D. You can see that was the reason we
have to create a dynamic variable called product ID.
Okay, great.
That was that's.
So nice country and that's first of all on your record in this country and that's to save.
Okay.
Now we're going to go to the image.
This is your dollar sign.
You're going to need to see products at attributes, dots.
Images.
Okay.
Great.
Now is culture and save and go check it out.
Now we have not done for this what we have did for this.
Okay.
Now click on this.
Okay, great.
You can see.
Okay.
Great.
Right.
If you do understand, you can do well to contact me.
So I try to explain for that for you.
Okay.
Hopefully you're not going to get everything right, but you're going to get it as the time goes like
it is for the image you're going to find for the.
Okay for the title.
I think this is going to be for the title is going to be this this.
Dollar is going to be products attributes.
That's.
So to use culture in this.
Okay.
Great.
This is basically all we have.
In the future, we're gonna have.
They're going to have the prize and the description.
And I already had two cards.
What's it like?
So this is basically.
It's right.
They're just going to go to this.
Okay.
You can see.
So it's good.
Now, if you do understand, do go to let me know.
So I split for two for you.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in investiture.